# AI in industry

* 缺陷检测 (landing.ai  Andrew Ng )
* 预测性维护 (FUNAC/Siemens)
*


**Emerj is an artificial intelligence market research firm. We help companies and institutions gain insight on the applications and implications of AI and machine**


##https://emerj.com/ai-sector-overviews/machine-learning-in-manufacturing/

Siemens

The German conglomerate Siemens has been using neural networks to monitor its steel plants and improve efficiencies for decades. The company claims that this practical experience has given it a leg up in developing AI for manufacturing and industrial applications. In addition, the company claims to have invested around $10 billion in US software companies (via acquisitions) over the past decade.

In March of 2016 Siemens launched Mindsphere (in beta), which is a main competitor to GE’s Predix product. Mindsphere – which Siemens describes as a smart cloud for industry – allows machine manufacturers to monitor machine fleets for service purposes throughout the world. At the end of 2016 it also integrated IBM’s Watson Analytics into the tools offered by their service.

Like GE, Siemens aims to monitor, record, and analyze everything in manufacturing from design to delivery to find problems and solutions that people might not even know exist. The German government has referred to this general dynamic of “Industry 4.0.”

The AI success story Siemens frequently highlights is how it has improved specific gas turbines’ emissions better than any human was able to. “Even after experts had done their best to optimize the turbine’s nitrous oxide emissions,” says Dr. Norbert Gaus, Head of Research in Digitalization and Automation at Siemens Corporate Technology, “our AI system was able to reduce emissions by an additional ten to fifteen percent.”

Siemens latest gas turbines have over 500 sensors that continuously temperature, pressure, stress, and other variables. All this information is feed to their neural network-based AI. Siemens claims their system is learning how to continuously adjust fuel valves to create the optimal conditions for combustion based on specific weather conditions and the current state of the equipment. More combustion results in few unwanted by-products.
